run/verificationrep/collateral/deposit_22.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/deposit_22.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/deposit_24.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/deposit_24.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/guar_30.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/guar_30.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/guar_31.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/guar_31.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/iprecol_26.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/iprecol_26.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/iprecol_27.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/iprecol_27.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/mach_28.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/mach_28.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/mach_29.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/mach_29.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/mach_66.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/mach_66.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/mach_67.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/mach_67.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/others_23.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/others_23.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/others_32.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/others_32.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/others_33.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/others_33.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/others_34.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/others_34.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/others_35.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/others_35.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/others_36.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/others_36.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/others_37.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/others_37.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/others_38.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/others_38.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/others_39.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/others_39.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/others_40.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/others_40.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/others_41.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/others_41.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/others_42.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/others_42.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/others_43.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/others_43.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/others_46.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/others_46.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/others_47.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/others_47.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/others_49.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/others_49.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/others_51.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/others_51.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/others_52.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/others_52.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/others_53.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/others_53.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/others_ins_44.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/others_ins_44.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/others_ins_45.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/others_ins_45.dat
run/verificationrep/collateral/tradable_25.sql finacle/verificationrep/collateral/tradable_25.dat

